How to play the game
Use Movement buttons to move around the map to discover what's hidden in the environment.
You can collect discovered items and use them to interact with living species around the area.
Count all Kiwi birds and make the environment safe by trapping 80% of predators to WIN the game.

Stamina: You need your stamina to stay alive and move around.
	Hazards and different types of environment can get you hurt and lower your stamina.
Backpack: Collected items will add weight and take spaces in your backpack.
	Use your items or drop them to reduce the weight and make more spaces for other items.


:+:+:+:+: KIWI SANCTUARY :+:+:+:+:
In the new version of Kiwi Island, five different game maps have been added which all represent Department of Conservation
 managed Kiwi Sanctuaries on mainland New Zealand. Unmanaged populations of kiwi on New Zealand's mainland are getting
 smaller but the DOC-managed sanctuaries provide a safe haven for more young Kiwi birds to survive each year,
 allowing the populations to increase.


- WHANGAREI KIWI SANCTUARY: 50% - 60% of young kiwis survive their first 6 months, compared to just 11% at unmanaged
  sites outside the Sanctuary. Northland Brown Kiwis are protected from predators such as stoats.
- MOEHAU KIWI SANCTUARY: The average percentage of chicks surviving to adulthood is 67%, compared to just 5% in
  unmanaged sites outside the Sanctuary. Coromandel Brown Kiwis are protected.
- TONGARIRO KIWI SANCTUARY: DOC is aiming to have a representative sample of more than 200 breeding pairs of
  western brown kiwi inside Tongariro Forest Kiwi Sanctuary by 2017. Western Brown Kiwis are being protected from stoats, 
  ferrets and dogs.
- OKARITO KIWI SANCTUARY: Protects Rowi, which were identified as a separate species from Brown Kiwi in 2003 
  with a population of only about 375 mature birds and have been ranked as 'threatened: nationally critical'. 
  Young Rowis are being released after each breeding season and DOC is targeting to have 600 Rowis in this sanctuary by 2018.
- HAAST KIWI SANCTUARY: protects Haast Tokoeka and covers at least 85% of the area where they are known to live. 
  Haast Tokoeka are also ranked as 'threatened: nationally critical' caused by predation by stoats and their low breeding
  rate - a pair lay one or fewer eggs each year. DOC is carrying out intensive stoat control inside the sanctuary and
  continuous researches to boost Haast Tokoeka population are being done.

For more information on Kiwi Sanctuaries, visit https://www.kiwisforkiwi.org/what-we-do/who-are-kiwis-for-kiwi/kiwi-sanctuaries/